{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red0\green61\blue204;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c17647\c20784;\csgenericrgb\c0\c23922\c80000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24040\viewh14300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Lab 2:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \ulnone - Begin to compose + build stuff you care about:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i \cf4 basic assignment:
\i0\b0 \
- 
\b Try to make a \'93composition\'94, or an \'93instrument\'94, or a \'93situation\'94 or a \'93scene\'94 or a \'93world\'94 of some length exploring some sound you think was worth it. 
\b0  It doesn\'92t have to be complete.  It just has to invent something you care about.  (20 sec to an hour we\'92ll say). Upload a patch and a soundfile. 
\f0\b \cf2 \ul \

\f1\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \

\i\b other requirements\'85
\i0\b0 (if you have a totally different idea you are insistent about, go for it, but email me)\
\
1) 
\b o.phase.points~ automation
\b0 \
    compose in either lists, GUIs, or both, automating them into parts of your sound engine with o.phase.points~\
    you must map at least two musical parameters in this way, i.e. you must have at least two o.phase.points~\
    this time, controllers ( mouse, keyboard ) aren\'92t required, but welcome\
    LFO\'92s aren\'92t required but can also be useful for automation\
\
2) 
\b presets and changing phrases
\b0 \
you must use either the score-view or the one-table view for presets, which also means you need more than one phrase of your musical parameters labeled with different IDs, e.g. /rhythm/0, /rhythm1, /rhythm/2, etc; then use the middle inlet of o.phase.points~ to switch between these phrases.  How you actually change from 0 to 1 to 2, etc is up to you: \
- an /order/phrases type list system?  \
- a series of click~ counters that augment when things change or loop?  \
- a random number generator that requests a certain phrase ID?\
\
3) 
\b \'93press on\'94 a musical concept to see what pops out, i.e. do your best to go deeper.\
    this includes the requirement to have at least two voices
\b0 \
Examples:\
- granulation or samples, with polyphony\
- polymeter / polyrhythms, scaled up in number of voices\
- subdividing the beat, scaled up in number of voices\
- a mess of sinusoids~ or harmonics.shape~ polyphony\
- you 
\i cannot
\i0  turn in the module built for you as-is and change the notes; \
  you 
\i can however
\i0  make copies of the engines built for you to make polyphony / many voices\
\
4) 
\b comment your patch with 1)\'85..2)\'85..3) style explanations
\b0 \
\
- Try.  You may be sniffing up a path that frustrates you because it doesn\'92t quite work yet.  THAT\'92S OK!  EMAIL ME!  COMPUTERS AREN\'92T ALWAYS EASY!  It\'92s all worth it.  My job is to help you build better.\
 \
- Upload patch and all dependencies ( sound files, abstractions if you make any )\
}